Updates the Mesheryctl docs (#3696)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-cli.md

You will need to provide a short and long description of the command for the help pages and also for the Meshery Documentation.

## Refactoring Mesheryctl Code

> The mesheryctl code needs to be refactored for the ease of management, to improve the readbility of the code, for making it easier for using the utility packages. 

Reviewer: This statement doesn't need to be made as this will have already been done by the time the contributor reads this.

> For now, the meshconfig has been refactored to have getters and setters which can further be used to manipulate any config. For example, reading or changing the context version has now been a lot easier with the help of specific getters and setters, a central function has also been added to write the config.yaml file.

Reviewer: Refactor the historical viewpoint to that of present-state facts.

This comment applies to the entire update.

> The mesheryctl code needs to be refactored for the ease of management, to improve the readbility of the code, for making it easier for using the utility packages. 
> 
> For now, the meshconfig has been refactored to have getters and setters which can further be used to manipulate any config. For example, reading or changing the context version has now been a lot easier with the help of specific getters and setters, a central function has also been added to write the config.yaml file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the latest update of Meshery, the meshconfig has been refactored to have getters and setters which can further be used to manipulate any config, making it more easier to perform specific functions. In such cases, the `mesheryctl` needs refactoring in order to support the newly updated meshconfig.
```

The workflow for changing the contexts would be:
- Change the context struct
- Update the config struct with the new context
- Write the new config to the config.yaml file

> Here are some examples of how the getters and setters of some defined structs are being used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To understand the updated structs, consider the following examples:
```

> Let us take an example of the `struct Context`, having the parameter `Token`, the code has been refactored to use `func(ctx *Context) GetToken()` for returning the token of the current context, and `func(ctx *Context) SetToken()` has been used for setting the token of the current context.

Reviewer: Rewrite language away from "Let us"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider an example of the `struct Context`; having the parameter `Token`, the code has been refactored to use `func(ctx *Context) GetToken()` for returning the token of the current context, and `func(ctx *Context) SetToken()` has been used for setting the token of the current context.
```

> Similarly, for the `struct Mesheryctlconfig`, having the `Tokens` parameter has a function named `func (mc *MesheryCtlConfig) GetTokens() *[]Token` which is being used to return the tokens present in the config file.

Reviewer: Rewrite language - "having the `Tokens`" doesn't flow quite right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, for the `struct Mesheryctlconfig`, the `Tokens` parameter has a function named `func (mc *MesheryCtlConfig) GetTokens() *[]Token` which is being used to return the tokens present in the config file.
```

> There are more similar changes made, the changes can be viewed in `/mesheryctl/internal/cli/root/config/config.go` file and all the usages of the config/struct throughout the codebase has been modified to use the new struct functions.

Reviewer: There's no such thing as "more similar".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are changes made in the codebase, the changes can be viewed in `/mesheryctl/internal/cli/root/config/config.go` file and all the usages of the config/struct throughout the codebase has been modified to use the new struct functions.
```

Reviewer: Thank you, @alphaX86. This is an improvement. Now, the paragraph needs rewritten to not walk the reader through the history of what has happened in mesheryctl - - it doesn't matter. They reader needs to understand the current organizations of structs, their purpose, how to use them, their behavior, and see an example.

Reviewer 2: Agreed 👍

> There are more similar changes made, the changes can be viewed in `/mesheryctl/internal/cli/root/config/config.go` file and all the usages of the config/struct throughout the codebase has been modified to use the new struct functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To understand the updated config, refer `/mesheryctl/internal/cli/root/config/config.go` file to know more about all the usages which is now updated throughout the codebase to use new `struct` functions.
```

You will need to provide a short and long description of the command for the help pages and also for the Meshery Documentation.

> ## Refactoring Mesheryctl Code

Reviewer: Are we asking contributors to refactor code? What does Refactoring mesheryctl code have to do with how contributors should use centralized structs?

> In the latest update of Meshery, the meshconfig has been refactored to have getters and setters which can further be used to manipulate any config, making it more easier to perform specific functions. 

Reviewer: "In the latest update of Meshery, "... are we asking contributors to work on old versions of mesheryctl? What relevance does the latest update have in contributor instructions? This isn't a blog post. These are timeless instructions.

> A central struct has been configured to contain the Meshery Config File, where all the operations to manipulate the config into a central struct with getters and setters have been defined. A central function has also been added to write the config.yaml file.

Reviewer: Please be consistent in the references to the "Meshery Config File". You used "meshconfig" above. Let's stick with that. Is there a spot anywhere on this page that explains what `meshconfig` is? If not, an explanation is a good use of the `include alert.html`
